added info and warn box with respect to resolver configuration (#114)
ethersphere/docs.github.io: docs/getting-started/host-your-website-using-ENS.md

bee start --resolver-options "https://cloudflare-eth.com"
```

:::info

> Use the `resolver-options` flag to set point the bee resolver to any ens-compatible smart-contract on any evm-compatible chain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `resolver-options` flag to point the bee resolver to any ENS compatible smart-contract on any EVM compatible chain
```

:::
:::warn

> When your bee node, or the bee node of a gateway that you are interacting with is not connected to the standard EVM contract on Ethereum mainnet, familiar names (e.g. `swarm.eth`) may resolve to different content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When your bee node, or the bee node of a gateway that you are interacting with, is not connected to the standard EVM contract on Ethereum mainnet, then familiar names (e.g. `swarm.eth`) may resolve to different content.
```

> When your bee node, or the bee node of a gateway that you are interacting with, is not connected to the standard EVM contract on Ethereum mainnet, then familiar names (e.g. `swarm.eth`) may resolve to different content.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Make sure you trust the gateway you are interacting with. To be sure you are retrieving the correct content run your own ENS resolver and Bee node. 
```

```

:::info
Use the `resolver-options` flag to point the bee resolver to any ENS compatible smart-contract on any EVM compatible chain
:::
:::warn

> Make sure you trust the gateway you are interacting with. To be sure you are retrieving the correct content run your own ENS resolver and Bee node. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure you trust the gateway you are interacting with! To ensure that you are retrieving the correct content, run your own ENS resolver and Bee node.
```
